To run the automation..

1. Download (if haven't already) PyCharm, which was the IDE I used to code and run the automation.

2. Download Python 3.8 as the project interpreter (if haven't already) in order to access and
   run the code with Python. Python 3.8 can be downloaded from python.org under "Downloads".

   During installation, I added Python 3.8 to path, selected to perform a 'customize installation'
   I also selected and checked all optional features and advanced options.

3. Copy or import the project "CodeChallenge" to the IDE

4. (If haven't already) Install the Selenium browser automation package on the IDE from File -> Settings
   -> Project: CodeChallenge -> Project Interpreter. From there, press the '+' and a new window should
   show. Then type in "Selenium" and install the package. Selenium is the browser automation
   technology I used to automate the Allegiant Air site. The package came with the libraries I used
   for the code.

   Alternative way to install Selenium: Go to the Terminal on the IDE and type in:
                'sudo pip install Selenium' or 'sudo pip3 install Selenium'

5. (If haven't already) Download the Chrome web driver for Selenium in order to automate the code on a browser, I used
   Google Chrome as the browser to automate in. The link for the download: https://sites.google.com/a/chromium.org/chromedriver/
   I downloaded the 'latest stable release' -> then download chromedriver_win32.zip
   Unzip the file to get to chromedriver.exe

   chromedriver.exe is also located in my Github, under the folder: chromedriver_win32

6. (If haven't already) Finally, in order to run the code and automate the website, go to 'Add Configuration'
   on the top-right of the IDE. Then press the '+' and select Python. For the script path, choose the location of the
   code itself (.py file) which should be under the project file ('CodeChallenge' is the project file).
   Project interpreter should be Python 3.8 or choose the default setting. Then hit 'OK'.


   The code should now be runnable and the Allegiant Air website is now ready for automation.
        (Click on the run and debug symbols on the top-right of IDE to run automation)